Hackathon: remove site registration form, move content around a bit (#2930)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2025/hackathon-march-2025/index.mdx

that we held in [2023](/events/2023/hackathon-march-2023) (16 local sites, 407 attendees)
and [2024](/events/2024/hackathon-march-2024) (23 local sites, 466 attendees).

## Registration

> We will open registrations to join as a participant in late January.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Registration to join the hackathon as a participant will open in late January.
```
